Lingua-Identify-CLD

These are Perl bindings to CLD, the Compact Language Detection library
from Google/Chrome.

While CLD is not available as a standard package with a standard build
system, I am shiping the code in the tarball. For details on the
library check
  http://code.google.com/p/chromium-compact-language-detector/

Note that you will require a C compiler to build the library and the bindings.


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install


SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc Lingua::Identify::CLD

You can also look for information at:

    Git repository and ticket tracker (report bugs here)
        http://github.com/ambs/Lingua-Identify-CLD

    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/Lingua-Identify-CLD

    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Lingua-Identify-CLD

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Lingua-Identify-CLD/


LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2011-2012 Alberto Sim√µes

This program is distributed under the (Revised) BSD License:
L<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of Alberto Simoes's Organization
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

